Microsoft Teams bug fixes and improvements (#14548)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftTeams/ReleaseNotes/1_1_17.md

#### Integrations
##### Microsoft Teams

> - Added support for 'Informational' severity level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for *Informational* severity level.
```

> - Made create cards span the entire width of the message in Teams

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cards sent from the integration now span the entire width of the message in Microsoft Teams.
```

> - Fixed a bug with Auto Notifications not working properly

Reviewer: i think its a bit confusing, as the parameter is now different no?

Reviewer 2: Re-written the rn, ill push and if you have comments you can re-write and ill edit again
